From: Chris Jacobson <fear@athenet.net>
Subject: Vehicles

Ok, here is the vehicles.c I wrote!  I am releasing the /original/ code,
which is all in a seperate file (except spec_assign) and relied on
spec_procs, but the new version, which no longer requires ANY specprocs
(thereby allowing easier vehicle creation, and no modification of
source), will not be released, because I merged most of it into the main
source files themselves, and since I expanded it to support 3 extra
variables (water-capable, flight-capable, and space-capable), along with
a discussion with my other imms (who do not do any coding, but are
actively supportive of the game because we are so unique in theme and
implementation) I decided that it wouldn't be in our best interest to
release.

THIS IS CODE, but is semi-mailer code... it is from a backup version, no
more instructions can or will be provided (please don't email me asking
for help installing), and also realize my version of Circle is HEAVILY
modified...

Instructions:
Create a vehicle object.
Set object value 1 to the room to send people who 'enter' the vehicle to.
vehicle_controls, vehicle_window, and vehicle_hatch use variable 1 to
reference the vnum of the vehicle.

DO NOT use more than 1 vehicle of each VNUM...
Each vehicle requires its own set of the 4 objects, and its own set of
rooms.  Want 3 tanks?  Make 3 sets of the objects and 3 sets of the rooms.

From any room within the vehicle with the CONTROLS a player can "drive
<direction>"...
From any room within the vehicle with the HATCH a player can "exit"
From any room within the vehicle with the WINDOW a player can "look out"

Note that if there is no vehicle object, proper error checking does take
place :-)

Also implemented is the ability to let vehicles into other vehicles, but
it isn't TOO debugged.

Also note that the rooms a vehicle is allowed through need the
ROOM_VEHICLES flag set... that way it keeps vehicle movement limited to
appropriate areas.

FINALLY, please >try< to do the debugging yourself first, before emailing
me.  This is from an old version (4 days ago, but like on the second day
after I started coding it, and probably the day before I merged it into
the main source tree), so I can't support it too much, but I >will< try
if it appears you tried to handle it yourself first (aka, Im not going to
lead the blind, only those with glasses, or contacts, or sand in their
eyes :-).  Also, there were very few bugs to begin with (I think it
worked nearly perfectly on the second day, after I found an initial bug
in me forgetting 'char_from_room' before 'char_to_room')

Also, if you use it, I would appreciate a line of credit within the login
screen or credits (your choice :-).  Please email me if you need any
assistance (and have given it a shot yourself first) or any comments.

- Chris Jacobson